README.md, before:

# PAGARME-BAD-CODE
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dougtq/pagarme.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dougtq/pagarme)

Pagar.me technical test

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

* [Nodejs && NPM](https://nodejs.org/)
* [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Installing

A step by step that gets you a development environment running:

Clone the project:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/dougtq/pagarme.git
```

Install project dependencies:

```sh
cd pagarme && yarn
```

## Running the tests

Use the test script to run the test:
```sh
yarn test
```

### Coding style

* [Standard](https://standardjs.com/)


## Built With

* [Express](http://www.expressjs.com/) - The framework used

* [Sequelize](http://docs.sequelizejs.com/) - The ORM used

* [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/) - The database used

## Author

* **[Douglas E. Alves](https://github.com/dougtq)**

## License

This project is licensed under the ISC License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

updated README.md with docker instructions

README.md, after:

# PAGARME-BAD-CODE
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dougtq/pagarme.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dougtq/pagarme)

[Pagar.me](https://pagar.me/) technical test

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

* [Nodejs && NPM](https://nodejs.org/)
* [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-docker)

### Installing

A step by step that gets you a development environment running:

Clone the project:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/dougtq/pagarme.git
```

Install project dependencies:

```sh
npm install
```

Rename .env.example:

```sh
mv .env.example .env
```

## Running

Starting the project running in docker
```sh
npm run docker
```

To validate if the service has gone up, just make an HTTP request by the GET method at `http://0.0.0.0:3000/healthcheck`


## Running the tests

Use the test script to run the test:
```sh
yarn test
```

### Coding style

* [Standard](https://standardjs.com/)


## Built With

* [Express](http://www.expressjs.com/) - The framework used

* [Sequelize](http://docs.sequelizejs.com/) - The ORM used

* [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/) - The database used

## Author

* **[Douglas E. Alves](https://github.com/dougtq)**

## License

This project is licensed under the ISC License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for details
